If you don't know what job you want to do, then my suggestion is that
try to push yourself to try to do as hard a job as possible. You can
always go down but in many cases it's very hard to go up. So for instance
if you pick a simple job like let's say picking plants. I don't
mean to discredit any plant pickers out there, but if your job is
to pick plants, and then all of sudden you want to be a computer scientist,
let's say, it might be hard to try to make that switch. You
don't have the skills to do computer science, you don't have the background,
you might not have the right way to think about the world.
However, I think as a computer scientists, if I wanted to, I could
be a very, very good plant picker, so you can always go down but it's
hard to go up.